reliable-go: add middleware and pprof information (#68)
Soypete/WebServices-in-3-weeks: reliable-webservice-go/README.md

### [Exercise 2](/ex-2-middleware/middleware.go) Add middleware to your go server

_Middleware_: _Middleware also refers to the software that separates two or more APIs and provides services such as rate-limiting, authentication, and logging._[wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Middleware) The implementation is typically “built-in” functions. In Go, this tends to be platform style tooling shared across the organization. It allows you add complex funcitonality to your endpoints.

> Using one of the same web frameworks you used for your day 1 exercises or the go standard library, add a middle ware function to your server. You can use middle ware to add metrics, auth, profiling or custom logic to your programs. In this exercise add logging, retry, ratelimiting or relace the auth from exericse 1 with a middleware.

Author: ```suggestion
Using the same web frameworks you used for your webserver or the go standard library, add a middleware function to your server. You can use middleware to add metrics, auth, profiling or custom logic to your programs. In this exercise add logging, retry, rate limiting or replace the auth from exercise 1 with a middleware.
```
